good morning it's june
12 2021
and it's a saturday here in l.a
another beautiful sunny morning
a very slight breeze blowing
61 degrees fahrenheit
16 celsius
since it's saturday i'm wishing you all
good luck and have fun
with your weekend projects
this afternoon it'll be going up to 82
degrees
fahrenheit 28 degrees celsius
and i was noticing that
the lows this morning were
61 fahrenheit
and the reverse of that is 16
which is what it was celsius
and then this afternoon it'll be 82
fahrenheit and the reverse of that is
28. celsius
interesting any anyway
um we're going to be enjoying
all day long beautiful blue skies and
golden sunshine all along the way
everyone have a great day